Fix docs (#467)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/reference/how-tos.md

### For Serverless deployments

> On a [Serverless deployment](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/serverless/current/intro.html), open {{kib}} and find **Add data** in the main menu. Alternatively, you can use the [global search field](https://www.elastic.co/docs/explore-analyze/find-and-organize/find-apps-and-objects) and search for "Observability Onboarding".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a [Serverless deployment](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/serverless/current/intro.html), open {{kib}} and find **Add data** in the main menu. Alternatively, you can use the [global search field](docs-content://explore-analyze/find-and-organize/find-apps-and-objects.md) and search for "Observability Onboarding".
```

### Use {{kib}}'s Applications UI

> This is the most straightforward approach. Follow [this quick guide](https://www.elastic.co/docs/solutions/observability/apm/api-keys#apm-create-an-api-key) and leave all the settings with their default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the most straightforward approach. Follow [this quick guide](docs-content://solutions/observability/apm/api-keys.md#apm-create-an-api-key) and leave all the settings with their default values.
```
